feat: add `superstruct.sensitive` (#577)
MetaMask/accounts: packages/keyring-api/CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for `base32` private key encoding in `exportAccount` ([#589](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/589))

### Changed

- Use `sensitive` struct for `privateKey` in `PrivateKeyExportedAccountStruct` ([#577](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/577))

>   - This make sure the private key value is always redacted in case of validation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This ensures the private key value is always redacted in case of validation errors.
```
